---
title: "2023-07-05"
date: "2023-07-05"
tags:
- Amazon
- galley
- JBL speaker
- galley
- countertop
- upgrade
- bath
- Timberline
- control panel
- touch light
- pizza oven
- key hooks
- sink light
- galley/sink
---
- Some more boxes arrived today from Amazon
	- [Package 3]({{<ref "post/2023-06-30#package-3">}})
	- [Package 5]({{<ref "post/2023-06-30#package-5">}})
	- [Package 6]({{<ref "post/2023-06-30#package-6">}})
- I can verify that the [two pot set]({{<ref "equipment/two pot set">}}) *does* work on our indoor induction cooktop.
	- This was the most questionable item, since some information on Amazon seemed to indicate that it would not work with induction cooktops. Fortunately it does.
	- [ ] Verify with van's cooktop.
- I can also verify that the [skillet]({{<ref "equipment/skillet">}}) also works with our indoor induction cooktop.
	- It has a pretty nice (but subtle) bluish tint to it.
	- [ ] Still need to test with the one that come with the van.
- Installed the [seat belt pads]({{<ref "equipment/seat belt pads">}})
- Mounted the [wall organizers]({{<ref "equipment/wall organizers">}}) in the galley.
- Moved the JBL speaker to the right of the Timberline control panel.
	- It wasn't wired for USB power or anything, anyway.
		- [ ] run a USB outlet to somewhere near the JBL speaker
- Mounted the [paper towel holder]({{<ref "equipment/paper towel holder">}}) vertically only to realize that there's nothing to keep the paper towels from falling off the roll (D'OH!)! That's a big GOTCHA! However, I am confident that I can engineer some sort of spring-loaded solution to keep pressure on the paper towel roll. It may take some time to figure out. In the meantime I can hold it closed with some rubbery bands.
	- There just isn't enough room to mount the paper towels horizontally in the galley, at least not without blocking the galley sink light or encroaching on the hang areas for the key hooks.
		- [ ] Perhaps we can find another long, thin touch light like the one in the pizza oven and mount it below the Timberline control panel over the galley countertop area.
			- Page 29 of the Rangeline [Parts Book]({{<ref "post/parts book">}}):
			> "514134 Light, LED, Super thin, Aluminized, frosted lens"
- Mounted the [toothbrush holders]({{<ref "equipment/toothbrush holders">}}) on the wall behind the sink in the bath.
